Add liveness probe handling for custom scaffolder actions (#66)
RoadieHQ/roadie-agent: README.md

        while (count < 5) {  // Additional other actions that is wanted to be taken. This time looping for 5 seconds
          await new Promise((resolve) => setTimeout(resolve, 1000));
          count++;

>           await ctx.log(`hello world`); // Sending a log message to be displayed to the enduser

Author: ```suggestion
          await ctx.log(`hello world`); // Sending a log message to be displayed to the end user
```
